PART C: A CH COLUMN I Neutral Terms Desig- nating Possible Per- somol Troits abandoned abject abrupt absent-minded absolutist absorbent abstemious abstentious abstinent abstruse academic accelerative accendible accessible accommodating accordiable accostable accrescent accretive accroaching accurate acerbate acharne, F acquiescent acquisitive acrobatical active acute adamantcanPersonal Traits adherent edhesive adsorptive adulatory advancive, R adventurous adversary advertent advertising aery aesthetic afald, D: afiable tffectionate affective aflaunt aftcrwise afterwitted agacant, F agglomerative agglutinative aggregative eggressive agile agnostical egonistical agrestic aidant aimful alacrious, R dacritous alambique, F. 4 1a militaire P. elarmist, n alchemistic adermanic dert doof altercative altruistic anativc amatory amnesic amorerolous, R amorous Mal malgesic analytical air] tobagiousPersonal Traits aparchistic anecdotal anile animated animose anticipative apathetic apish aplomb,n apolaustic applause-seeking approbative appropriative aprioristic arbitrary architectonical arenose argumentative arrogant arrogative, R artistic ascendant asceticParsonol Troits eupersive Ezembler," sscuticnt Icttive Nlercrative Ibidtoous Esimilative wistful Eistive Jeapasive Inured Istucious; R; Istute tbvistic tthrist 2 etrabilious attitudinizing attritc eugural Wd-farrant; Sc: eulic Iustcte ttboritative autocratic eutonoctic cutonomous arariciopg Ireless Aakward bcchanalian tvid }42 Personol Traits balbish Sc. barnius battlefuPersonol Traits 6tn Bou Brummel wanclerk, n44 Personol Troits belieftul, R beliefless belittler,a bellicosc belligercnt bendsome benevolent benign benignantPersonol Traits46 Personal Traits bibacious Biblicist,n biblioclast,n bibliognostic biblioklept; n bibliolatrous bibliomaniacal bibliophilic bibliotaphic Biblist, n bibulous biddablePersoral Troits biophilist; * brkie, n,, Sc. birrelier n bishoplike Gittcr bittcrish blameful bland blandiloquous, R blase blate, Sc:Persotal Traits blazcr,a blitbe Nlithcful bloodshedder;n bloodthirsty bloody-minded blufPersonal Traits blushful blusterous boastful boggish boisterous bold bombastic bniform bookish bookworm; 1. Boswellian btcherly, R50 Persona! Traits bounceable, €,E A bragless Brahmin brainwood, 1, Sc; brare bravcr; & bravish brawlsome breachful brcachy break-promisc, 0 breme, 4_ breviloquent; R brigandish brigctty, D. brag;Personal Traits brio, It brisk briskish bristly broad-minded broad-spoken broiler, n broody Brunhild, n brusque; n brutal brute brutish bubbler, n buctanccfi' 1 buck; n., buckish bucko, n buckram bucolic Buddhist Buddhistic budge, D buff builder, n bully bullyhuft; o. budge bullying52 Personcl Traits buoyapt burcaucratic businesslike busybody,n busyisb butterfly, n buzzy Byronic cabalist, n cabalistic cachinnatory cacodcmonomaniac, n cadish, Dj Cacsarean cagys S7. Gjoler; 1 calcitrant, R; calculable calculating busy _Persowal Troits Caliban; n, calisthenical callid R callous callow calm calophantic calumniator; n calumniatory Calvinistic campaigner,a camper,1,DE camshoch, Sc cmsteary, Sc. candid candlewaster; n canny canonist, n; Qot; Sc & DE Cantabrigian cantankerous, C. cnter; n cantish canty caperer 1 Capernaitic Capernaitish capernoited, Sc: capitalistic aapricious aptious careful careless cressive critative rk,DE carkled, DE carnal caral-minded carouser, I carper; n casalty, D,E& Sc:54 Personal Traits castle-builder, *. csual 1 casuistic cataphatic, R: catawampous, Sc. catechetical catfooted Catharistic catholic Catonian cautelous,4_ cautious cavalier cavalierly caviler n cavilous celebrative, R celibatarian celibate ccnobian censorious cerative ceremonialist, n ceremonious certain Cervantic chaffer 1 chambering, A: chameleon D chamcleonic chameleonlike changeable changeful changer, 0, R,Personal Troits charitable chary chaste chatterer, n chatty chauvinist, n chauvinistic chcat,n cratcr;n cheeker; 1,, 52 chccrcr chcerfui ccery Sescpzeidiac chcvalicr; n chevising dlcaner n. chider chiffonier,n, R; childlike chimerical chipper56 Personal Traits chirper, 1 chirpy, €_ chirrupy, SL,E chiseling; €: chivalresque chivalrous choleric chopper, n. choruser chrematistic chrestomathic Christian Christianlike Christlike Christocentric chrysophilist, n. chuckler,n. Ciceronian circuitous circumambagious circumlocutional circumspect crcumstantial civi clack, n clairaudient clairvoyant clam,nPersonal Traits camorous clangorous clannish casb; Dv Sc.& DE clashy classic,n classicist, clet,m, DE clatterer; 0, Sc_ clattern; 1, Sc. clattery datty,D_ dean claan-fingered ceanly cleeky, Sc. clericalist, n dcrk 1,4 dcrkish clinger, n diqush cloistered, n close closcfisted close-mouthed clubbish clubby, C dum, DE cldmse clumsy cluttcry58 Personal Traits cobby, DE cockaiorum,n cockle; Sc; cocky, cogitative cognitive coherent cold cold-blooded cold-hearted coldish collar-proud, DE collectivist,n colloquialist;n, combatant combative combustible come-at-able, C comedian, n. come-outer; n coming comity commanding comminatory commiserative communicative communisticPersonal Traits corpanionable compassionate compcllent competitory complacent comphintive, R compliable cotpliant corplicitous complimentary compcoeniser, 1 cotpulsive comradely conative conceited conceity, C 0r D concentrative 1 Conciitorist cotkcise condensative condescending confessor,n confident confidential cnflictive conformant, R conformist, n oonfratcrnal ccufutative congenial congratulatory congregative60 Personol Truits cobnoisselr n conscienceless conscicntious conscionable cnsentient conservative considerate considerative consistent consocial, R coustant constrained constricted consuetudinary contained contemplative contentious continent continuing contradictious contrary contrary-minded controversialist; n contumacious contumelious conventional conventionalist; n conversable conversational conversative convictive convivial cool cool-headed coolish cooperative coquet; n, R_ coquette; n coquettish cordial cormorant corporcalist; 1, RPersonal Traits cosh, DE & Sc, cosmogonist,n cosmolatrous counselable counselful ccurageous courteous courtier;n conthie; Sc: covetous covinous cowardly COy coyish crabbed crabbish cabby crack; n crank cranky creant, R tteative ctedulous cecprnouse criminaloid n cringeling, D, R crisp crispy critical coaking Croesus; n cross-brarer; n crotched, DE crotchetter,n crotchety ctusc, Sc: & DE cowder; n cory62 Personol Troits cruel crUp, DE crusading cry-baby,o. cryptic cully, n clturist;, 1 cumulatist, n. R cunctatious, R cunning cupidinous cupidous, R curcuddoch; Sc: curious curmudgeon, n curt curtal cutty, Sc_ cyclic cyclid cynical Cyprian dabbler; 0 daedal dainty dandy, &Personal Traits dangler, n Dantesque Daphnean dare-devil daring dashing dateless, DE dauber daunch, DE datntless dcbauched debonair dcceitful dcceptive decided dccisive decorist, D. decorous dcedy, D. defeatist; n dcferential defiant dcfinite deft degage, F; dcipnosophistic deistic dapperPersonol Traits delayful deliberate deliberative dclicatc demagogical demiurgic democratic dcmonstrative demophil demure denunciative dependable dependent depersonalized deprecatory depressible derider 41 acstamisado, Dv, Sp designfu desirelcssPersonal Traits dcspiteful despitcous dspotic destinist; n dcstructionist, 0 dstructive dciatboq/ determincd detractory devil-dodger,n,, C dcvirginator; R devotionate dcvout dexterous diabolist, n. dialectic diatribist,n dictatorial didactic dic-hard diffident dignifed digressive dilatory dilettant dilettantish diligent doDg, adv. C dk,Sc. &D1 dinkum, S diplomatic dircct disappointer, n n,, ding-66 Personal Traits discerning disciplinarian 1 discontentfal, R; discoursive discourteons discreet discriminative discursivc disdainfulPersonal Traits dishonest disimpassioned disingcnuous disintegrous, R. disobedient disobliging disorderly dispassionate dispatchful disputatious disquisitive disrespectful dissatisfied dissembling dissenter, n, disscntious dissident dissociable dissocial disteulperedPersonal Traits distractible distrustful disturber,n divisive do-all,n docible, R docile dcity,1,D. doctrinaire,n doctrinary dodgy doer;n dogged dogmatic dolefal dolent dolesome dolorous dolose domestic dominative domincering Don Juan donnish dor; L,R dorty, Sc doublc dcaler;n.Personc! Traits duce Sc: DE doughty dour; Sc; dwt; Sc: or DE dowly,Sc, & DE dwpright dozy drastic Drawcansir;n daamfu dreamy dubitative70 Personol Traits dumpish C Jupkeitc; 4 dure, 4 duteous dutiful dynamist, n dyspathetic, R dysphoria, Ov, Med. dystelcological dysthymia, 1, Med eager ear-minded carnest easeless easy ebriogoing ebullient ecclesiolater na echoing eclat; n: cclectic economical ecstaticPersonal Treits cffeminate cffcrvesccnt cficient cffrontery, n cffusive coistic dkcutheromaniac dfsh eloxutionary doquent dusive aobracive, R epotional entionalist; n, cmotionless cophatic appirical cupressement,1, F coprising, A cmulative cmulous tpmiastic adeavorer, n cgotistic72 Personal Troits energetic energic, R energumer, D entcrprisidg entete, F enthusiastic entreprenant, F_ cnvious ephectic, R epicurean epicurish epigrammatic epistolarian epithymetic; R equable equalitarian equanimous, R equilibrious; R equitable cquivocatory eremitic crethismic, Med cristic crotic erotomaniac n; crratic erudite cuvyfulPersonol Troits espiegle, F n,F. ethnizing` cudaemonist, n eulogistic cuphoric cvangelistic cvasive tven tven-handed cven-minded exact Gacting eaggerative tanimate, R cxceptions, R txcitable eclusivc excursive excusatory exccutivc esprit;74 Personol Traits exhibitionist,n expansive expatiatory expedicutial expeditious explicit exploitativc explosive expressionist,n expressive extortionate extraregarding ctrcmist;n extroitive  R extroverted erubcrant eyeful, R cye-minded fabricativePersonal Traits facetious acient; _ facilc factful factionary, R factious [actish, R facund 4. lncy, Sc; or D: fad,n pddle,n,DE faddy tagger, n: taineant, F taint-hcarted taithful taithless tal-hal fallalish Falstaffian tmacide, n, R tamiliar tamilyish fanatical fanciful tanfaron; n tantasque, R fantast,n_ tatastical farotche F, fashionist; n fashion-monger, n fast bastidious bstish tastuous, 4 fatalistic hntherly fatidic tatigable fatigueless taultfinding faust; R, Faustian twning Ical,4 fcarful {carless {amaught; n fa;"76 Personal Troits fearsome feeder;n fcerie; Sc; fefnicute, n_DE fellowlike, R feminine fencefu fendy feral ferocious fervent fervid DE festinatg, R festive fetishist; n fckle fictionist, n. fideism; n. fidgety fiducial fierce fiery fifish, Sc. fighting-cockn fikie fine-headed, R finical finicky frebrand, u. fr fitful fitty,DEPersonal Traits Aagellant fasbmonger; n fattcrable @eceable Acet Acshiy Aexible fexile fichtered Sc: figbty fip, DE: & SL,USS: fippant firdie, Sc. firtable, R firtatious diskmahoy 0,Sc. Sc. & DE foaty fobbing, R forimanist; n Sc; donnissy fuent disky;78 Personol Traits dukx,, n Huttery fuxble, R fuxional fy-by-night, & fy-up-tbe-creck, n foilable folksy, D-,US: follower,n footlicker;0 foot-loose foppish forbcaring forccful forcible forcible-feeble forehanded forensic foreright, A. or DE: foresighted foresightless fogratPersonal Traits torcthoughtful forgetful forgetive Torgiving formal tormalisty n formful, R_ formulistic forritsomc; Sc: forthcoming, R forthgoing forthputting torthright, 4_ torthy, Sc. & DE fortitudinous fortuitist, n torward toul-mouthed foul-spoken tractious trampler,n-,4 brampoid frank Frankenstein; n frank-hearted fratched, DE fraternal fraudful fraudless free frcebooter,n {rec-handed free-hearted freeish Irec-living frcc-lover n; frec-minded frcc-spoken {recthinking trec-tongued frce-willer, n fresh fretful tretless #rettyPersonal Traits friendly frigid friskful Erivolous frolicsomc frownful frugal frustrable fudsy, E full-fledged full-hearted furacious, R furthersome; Sc: furtive fustian futilitarian galby, C gadaboutPersonal Trits gaddish gallant galliard Gallio,n. Gallomaniac,n, Gallophile, n. Gallophobe,* Bally Banc Bennesome Bare; Sc: earrulous Gascon; 2 Bash Sc: Baspy, R. rastronomcr; n, gastrophile; =., R_ gache F gawkish gawky gay gayish gcgger, LL, Sc_ gelly, Sc. general generalist; n generous genteel gcutcelish -bearted gentlemanlike lewomanly Grenanomaniac; ) 1 Germanophobe; n gcsticulative Ect-at-able sct-up,1, SL Biant-rude genial gedtle gentle BentlePersonal Traits giddy giddyish gidy-paced, R giggish giggly giglet, n. gigman,n gil-flirting, 4. Sc gunbaSjawed SL,US: gimcrack,n, D_ gimp,n,€ gingery girlish gladiator; n gladless gladson glaikit; Sc: glary glass-faced, R gleamy gleeful gleg, Sc. & DE glib glibbery, 4.0r D. gloomy glossarist, n glossolalist, n glum glumpy, C_ glunch, Sc & DE glusky, DE gluttonous guathonic gnostic go-ahead, C God searinglease godless GoethianPersonol Traits good-humorcd good-natured -tempered gooney, D_ Sc: & Ir. Gokosiaz Go6, gouge, n,, SL, US: gourmand gourmet; Ds F goustrous, Sc. grab-all,n,SLor€ gracefni graccless gracious grammaticaster, n grandfatherly grandiloquent grandmotherly grangousier,n,, F graphic Brateful grave grawid grcasehorn, 4,,DE greedy grcgarious gricfful griefless grig,n, grinagog, n,,DE: gripple; A.or Sc, grippy grisettc gritty C US5. grotchy gtouSC, n, gcouty, C,USS: grubby gruftish gtum grtmbly, C Tramoy (Mrs.) suarded gtardful, R gudgeon, n, good grim bruffPersonal Troits guffn & SL guiletul guileless gullible gulosity,1, R gumple-foisted Sc: gun-shy gumptious, C. gurl, Sc gushy, €; gymnosophist,n gynophilian, R Bypsy gypSified habile babromania, 1, Med, bagiolatrous hagiophobia, n, Med. hairsplitting hair-trigger hallucinator; n halting haltless hammer,n. handersome, DE handy panky, C_ happilegan R happy-go-lucky harangueful hard-headed hard-hearted L,D.Personal Traits bard-mouthed barum-scarum hasteful hasteless hasty hateful hateless haughty baunty, Sc. & DE haveless, Sc. & DE: having, Sc: or DE. headish, DE: hcadless keadlong hcadstrong heady heart-breaker; n hcart-free kartful beartless hcartsome, Sc: kart-whole harty hcavenly-minded beavy kavy-handed hectic hedonist becdful heedless bcgemonic heliophobic heliotropic Hellenistic bell-raker, 1, DE hcloe, DE belpful belpless helter-skelter DE & Sc: benjussy 1, heppen, D.E. hcresiarch; n. heresimach,n, R beretical herpy,86 Personal Traits hermitish hesitant heterodax heteropathic heterotelic hetter; DE_ hideaway R hidebnde 1 high-flying high-pitched high-reaching bigh-roller, n, SL high-spccd high-spiritcd high-stepping high-strung hindsight, n_ histrionic hitchy bit or-miss hob-and-nob hobbyhorsical hobbyless boddy bome-kecping Homeric homicidal homilist, n honest honeyed honey-mouthed honey-tongued boodwinkablePersonal Traits booly, Sc. DE bopeful bopeless borny horsefair bortative hospitable bostile bot-blooded bot-brained hot-headed hot-spirited botspur hot-tcmpered bousc-proud bousewifely bubristic, R bbfifcap 4, huffsh hufty hugeer-mugger;, n bumane humanist humanitarian bumble humbugable bummer n,C 0r S7 bamorless bumorous humorsome Hunker,n,, US bunks,n hunted hurly-burly burricd hurty-scutry bussat,n, R bustler; 1, bygeiolatry, 1, R hylotheist; n hylozoist n hypaesthesic, Med hpalgic byper, n hyperaesthetic hyperalgesic Eyperbulia, n_ bypercritical byperdynamic hyperphasic88 Personal Troits hyperphysical hypersensitive hypersensual hypertonic hypnotic hypnotizable hypobulia, n: hypochondriac hypocritical hypokinetic hypomelancholic hyponeuria,n. hyppish hysterical hysteroneurasthenic Icarian iconoclastic iconolater; n iconological idealess idealistic idealless idiolatry, n,R idiorepulsive idlc-headed idolatrous idoloclastic i-judging illogical illoyal i4-tempered i-tongued illusionable, R illusionary illusive ill-willed, Sc. DE imager, n: imaginative imitative immaculate icyPersonal Troits immane; momethodical imodcst immotile immovable iminusical immutable impartial impatient ipavid, R_ imperative imperceptive imperial iperialistic imperious impersomal impersuadable impertinent imperturbable imperver tible impervious impetuous impious impish impractical impressible impressionabl improvident impudent ipulsive impunctual, R maccuratc iacquiescent iactionist, n inadaptable iaffable inaggressive inamiable, R iappreciative Mapprehcnsive iarticulate incautious incentive incisive9 Personal Traits inclinable incoercible incogitant incommunicative incompliant inconclusive inconfident, R incongenial_ R inconsiderate inconstant incontinent incorruptible incredulous incroyable,n,,F incurious indecisive indefatigable indefinite indeliberate, R independent indifferent indifferentist;n indirect indivertible individualistic indocile indolent indomitable indubious, R indulgent industrious inebriate inelasticPersonol Troits ienulous incxact inexcitable inexpansive iexplicit ixplosive ipexpressive ibfestive inflammable inflexible Wformal iformative birugal ifrustrable, R ingenue; n, F_ igenuous ingratc ingratiatory phibited ihospitable mrritable initiative, n ijudicious icrly inovative iobservant92 Personal Traits inquisitive insatiable iuscient, R inseeing, R insensitive insider, insightful insincere insistent Insociable insolent insouciant inspirable instructible insubruissive insubordinate insultable, R insuppressible insurgent insurrectional insusceptible integrity 1 intellectual intellectualistic intelligencer, 1. intelligentsia, n, intemperate inteuse interlocutor n. intermeddlesome intimate intolerant intractable intrepid introspective introverted intrusive intuitionless intuitive invariable inventionless inventive inventurous invincible inviolablePersonal Traits inward ipse-dixitish iracund irascible ireful ireless irenic iron-fisted iron-handed jton-hearted ironical iron-sided, DE. irrational irreligionist; n irreligious irrepressible jtresolute irresponsive irrestrainable irreverent irisory, R: irritable Iscariotic Ishmael n, ismatic, 0,, R. Jack-of-all-trades, n both-sides, n Jacobonit jactant, R jaculative; R jadish jannock, DE. Janus-faced Japanophile 11, japish, R; jaunty jazzy jealous Jekyll, Dc: jelly, DE: Icmnmy jerky jerty-builder n. lester 0. jestful94 Personal Traits Jezeitifish jiggish jill,n jillet,n,, Sc: jingo, n. jocose ocoserious jocular jocund Johnadreams, n John Bull, n Johnsonian jokeless jolly Jonah, n. ournalistic jovial joyful joyless oyous juberous, US. Judas n; judicious jumpy Junker, n jurisprudent just Kantian keek; n;, SL keen keener, n; kef, kickish, DEPersonal Traits kiddish kid-glove kike, n Lll-joy, 0. kim-kam, DE kind kind-hearted kindly kipper, DE kite, n. kitten-hearted kittenish Heptic, R kleptomaniac, n knacky knappish, DE: knec-crooking kightly Knipperdolling; kockabout kocker n-, SL bmow-ali,1, kowing know-it-all kowledgeable; C know-nothing; n haborious lchrymist; n. lachrymose Jackadaisical laconic ha-di-da,n,SL lady-killer,n  ladylike laggard lamblike kmentful, R; land-grabbing hnd-hungry landlordly landlouping96 Personal Trdits languid languorous Laputan larcenous lardy-dardy, SL large-handed large-hearted large-minded largitional R larksome, €: lrky, C. larrikin, E. lascivious lassitude, n Jatesome latitudinarian latitudinous laughterful laughterlegs Laurence; & lavish law-abiding lawgiving lawless lawyerlike Iax lazar, n. lazy Leadable leaden-hearted leader; n leathwake, DE leery, S7. legulcian, R leisurely lenicnt lentitudinous, R lercsis, 0,, Med Lcsbian let-alonc lethargic leveler level-hcadcd levelish levity lewd lexiphanic liberalistic libertarian liar,Personal Traits liberticidal licrtine libidinous Libratory licentious lickerish liegeman, light-fingered light-footed light-handed light-hcarted light-heeled light-limbed light-minded limber US: &DE DE_ DE lion-hearted lippy, C_ lish; DE lissom(e) Jistless literal literate lterator literatus,n literose, R lithe lithcr, Sc, & DE Litigant litigious lively Icaferish lofty logical logolatry n, R bgomachic logomania, 0,, Med logomaniac, n, R lonely longanimous long-headed longiloquent ~sighted long-suffering ~tongued limp limpsy lingy, linty literary lithy long- long98 Personol Traits winded Sc: loose-tongued loquacious loquent, R: lordly lorn Lothario,n_ lotus-eating loud loud-mouthed loup-the-dyke Sc louther, n, Sc_ love-maker; n loving loving-kindness, n. lowery lown low-spirited loyal lubricous, R lucid Luciferian ludibund, R lungeous, DE. lunt, DE lusk; 1,DE lusory lustful lustless lusty Lutherolatrist, n Lydian lypothymia, 1, Med long loopy, loppyPersonal Traits macadamizer, n-, E. macaronic Machiavellian machine-like mack Sc- macrology macromaniacal, Med madbrain madcap mad-headed madonnaish Maecenas, n, maenadic magdalene , magisterial magnanimous magniloquent magnipotent, R magnisonant, R_ magpie, n mahatma, n; majestic makebate A. make-believe make-law, n make-mirth, n. make-peace, n; make-shame; n make-talk, n maladministrator, malapert malcontent maledicent, R malefic maleficent malevolent malfeasant malicious malison, n-, DE. malistic malversation, n mandy, DE man ~hating manifestative man-keen, DE. man-killing mannered mannerless D-,100 Personal Traits mannerly mannish mansuete, 4 Marinist; n marivaudage, n, marplot, n martial martinet; n: martyr n masculine masochistic masterful masturbatic materialistic maternal mathematical matricide,n matronly matter-of-fact maudlin maundrel,n, Sc maungy Mawwormish mazy meable mealy-mouthed mean- ~spirited mechanical mechanistic meddlesome medianimic mediatorian medievalistic meditative mediumistic meek megalomaniacal melancholic melancholy melancholyish melodramatic melomanic mernorist, n mendacious mendicant mentalist, n Mephistophelean mercenary merchantlike mercifulPersonal Traits merciless mercurial meritmonger; n merop, R merty merry-andrew, n, metaphorical metaphysical pethodical methodless meticulous metoposcopist, n_ metromaniacal metropolitan mettlesome mifl,€_ 0r D: miffy, C.or D migrant migratory mild mild-hearted mildish miitant militaristic military Miltonic mim, Sc. DE mme n mimetic miminy-piminy mim-mouthed, Sc. & DE minacious minatory mincing ministerial ministrative mirthful mirthless misanthropic misappreciative mischief-making mischievous102 Personol Trdits misconfident miocontent misdecmful miserabilist, R miscrly misleared, Sc; & DE 1 %511 misogamic misogynic misologist, n: misoneistic, Med  misopaedist, n misopolemical misoscopist, n misosophist; n misothcistic, R; misotramontanism; n misotyranny,n. misoxene; 0 misproud, R.Personal Troits mistempered, A_ mistressly mistrustful misventurous, R mixer, 1, C,,US moanful mobile mobocratic mock-heroic modlerate moderationist,n. modernist, n modest modifjablc modish mogilalia Med mollifable mollitious n,104 Personol Troits monachal monarchal monarchomachic, R monastic money-grubbing money-making money-mongering money-spinner monkish monocratic monodynamic mono-ideistic monolatrous monophobia, n monopolistic monosyllabic moodish moody moonblind mooncalf, n moonish moouraking, DE moony, €: & SL moppet 1, mopus, n,DE & S C moralistic morbid mordacious mordant morose morphinist, n Moses, n motherly motiveless motley-minded mountebank; n; mournful mouth, n, SLE: mouthy movable mover n: moy, Sc: DE mucker, n, SZ muddle-headed, C_ muddy-brained muddy-headed muddy-mettled muliebrity,n mulierose, RPersonal Troits mulish multanimous, R, multiloquent multipotent multivagant, R; mumpish murderous mure, DE @urmurless murmurous museful ouscless musical mugicianly mussy, C,US mute mutinous myrmidon,n mysophobia,n mystical Nabal,n,, R ncket; n , Sc. naggy, D: paive Napoleonic @poistic ercomaniacal prrativc, R nathy DE qationalistic nativistic nttcred, DE106 Personol Traits natty natural naturalistic neat neat-handed necessitarian, h necrolatry,n necromantic necrophile 1, necrophobic ne'er-do-well negative negativistic neglectful negligent negrophile,n: negrophobiac neighborly nemophilous, R Neo-Kantian neologistic Neo-Malthusian neopagan neophilism; n. neophobia, 1 neophytic Neoplatonic nephalist, n nepotic Neronian nerveless nervid nervosanguineous nervous nescient; Sc nese-wise;, D_ nesh nettle-carnest, S nettly neuradynamic ncurasthenic neuromimetic neurotic never-strike; n newsmonger; n, newspapery newsy, C nidgetty R niffy-naffy; Sc, & DE.Personal Traits niggardly niggerish nigh, D nihilistic Qimble nimble-fingered nimble-footed nimble-witted nipper, 1,, R; 3Eng,r n,, 4. pitid robby, SL noble-minded nocent, R_ poggen, DE. nviseless poisy nomadic Donabsorbent bonabstainer bonacceding pnactive nonacute ponadherent ponadhesive nonadjustable tonassimilating nonbookish nonchalant nncollegiate poncommittal noncommunistic poncompliant ponconfident nonconforming ponconservative bonconstructive boncontent, n-, R poncontentious noncritical noncurantist pondexterous nondiplomatic nonefficient nonegoistical ponelastic ponemphatic ponexecutive mnexpansive108 Personal Traits nonexplosive nonimitative noninquiring noninterfering noninterventionist; n nonirritable nonlogical nonmobile nonmotile nonnaturalistic nonpartisan nonpersistent nonpreaching nonproductive nonprofessional nonrational nonreligious nonresistant nonrigid ponscientific nonsensical nonsensitive nonsocial nonsparing nonspiritual nonspontaneous nonsporting nonsubmissive nonunderstanding nonutilitarian nonvariant nonvolatile nosey, SL. or C nosomania, * nosophobia, n nostalgic nothingarian, n notional notionate, Sc & DE notionless nous,n,, €_ nudist; n, nullifidian numquid, n,Personal Troits nyctophobia,n nympholeptic nymphomaniac, Med  aathful obdurate obedient obeisant, R; objectative, R: objective objectivistic obliging obliquitous oblocutor obscurant cbsequious observant obsessed obstinate obstrectator,n. obstreperous obstructive ocasionalist; n occult ochlocratic ochlophobist,n-,R Odinist, n cdynophobia,n, Med. occiomania, 1L, "Med aecophobia, n, Med oenophilist; n oenophobist; n. offendable ofthand offcious ofish, € o1-tongued oily oityish old-gentlemanly old-maidish old-womanish old-worldish cligarchic110 Personal Troits ologistic Olympian omnibenevolent omnicredulous omnific omnigerent omnilegent ommiloquent omnipatient omnipercipient omnist; 1 omnitolerant omnivagant omnivorous onanistic one-ideaed oneirocritical onomatomania, Mea open open-handed open-hearted opet-minded opcn-mouthed operose opinionated opinionative opportunist; n optimistic oracular oratorical Orbilious, n orderable orderless orderly ordinatc, R Organizer; n Orgiastic orgulous, 4. original originative orotund Orphcan Orphic orthoboulia, n Orthodax oscillatory oscitant otherworldly otiant Otiose 0,Personal Traits ourie out-and-outer;b, C outbearing, Sc: outbreaker; n.112 Personal Traits outgoingPersonal Traits outspoken114 Personal Traits overactive overanxious overapprehensive overbearingPersonal Troits overblithe overbold overbookish overbounteous overbrave overbusy overcaptious overcareful overcasual overcautious overcharitable overcircumspect overcivil overclose overconfdent overconscientious overconscious overcool overcredulous ovcrcritical overcunning overcurious overdaring overdestructive overdiligent overeager overearnest overcasy overemotional overemphatic overexcitablc overfastidious overfearful overfierce overfluent overfond overforward overfree116 Personal Troits overhappy overhard overhardy overharsh overhasty overimaginative overindulgent overintense overjealous overjoyful overkind overlavish overliberal overlogical overloud overloving overlusty overmasterful overmerry overmodest overneat Overervous overofficious overpartial overparticular overpassionate overpatient overperemptory overpoised overpolitic overponderous overpositive overpotent overprompt overproud overprovidentPersonal Traits overquick overquiet overTash overready overrelaxed overrigid overrigorous oversanguine overscrupulous oversensible oversensitive oversententious overserious oversevere oversharp overslow oversolicitous overspeedy overstrait overstrict overstudious oversubtle oversure oversuspicious overswift overtalkative overtechnical overtender overthoughtful118 Persondl Troits ovcrtrusting ovcrvaliant ovcrriolent overwary overwilling overwise ovcrzcalous owlish pacifc pacifistic packy Sc- & DE. pagan pagano-Christian painstaking palaestral palaverousPersonal Traits panaceist, n panarchic, R, panegoisty n pangful panicky, C; panicIOngcr,n pansophic Pantagruelian pantalcon, n, pantoglot pantomancer; 0 pantophobic, Med pantopragratic panurgic papaphobist,n,R papistic parabulic, Med. paralogistic paranoiac parciloquy,n parepithyiic, Med parisology,n, R. paroemiographer; n. paronomasial paroxysmal parrhcsiastic parsimonious partan-handed, Sc partial participative particular prticularistic partisan parvipotent pasquilant, R passible paxsionate passionless passive paternal pathernatic, R_ pathfinder pathological patient patriotic patronizing pauciloquent paughty, Sc. DE pauseless pauseful120 Personal Traits pavid, R; pawky, Sc. & DE peaceful peaceless peacemongering Pecksniffian pedagogical pedantic pedetentous peerie, Sc. & DE peevish pendragon, n penetrative penitent penny-wise penseful, Sc: DB pensive pensy, Sc, & DE penurious peppy , SI perceptive percipient perdiligent; R perfccoonstic periphrastic perissological, R perky pernickety, persecutive; persevering persifleur; 1, F= persistent persuasive pert pertinacious pertish perturbable 8Personal Traits perverse pervicacious, R pssimistic pettifogging petulant pharisaic philadelphian, R philanthropic philharmonic philhymnic philippic, R_ philobiblic philocaly 1 philocubist; n philodernic philodespot; n philodoxical philogastric philogeant, n. philogenitive philogynous, R. philologist, n philomath, n philoneism, n philonoist, n. philopolernic, R Philopornist,n philoprogenitive philosophical philosophicide; n Philosophistical philosophobia, n Philotechnic philothaumaturgic Hhilotheistic phlegmatic Mrasemongering phrasy C. Mhysiolater; n picksome eickthank Pickwickian pic, n; pictic pictistic pindling, DE_ pious pipy, €: piratic Pettish122 Personol Traits pitiless placid plagiaristic plagose, R_ plain-dealing plain-spoken plaintive plaintless, R planful planless platitudinous Platonic plauditory playful playless playsome pleasant pleasantish pleasurable pleasureful, R pleasureless pleasuremonger; n pleasurist; n, R; plebicolar, R pleniloquent, R; pleonast, n,R pleonectic pliable pliant pluckless plucky pluggy, R plunderous plutocratic plutolatry, * plutomania,n, R pococurante pococurantish poctaster, n petic point-device, adv,,4 poised poker n; polemic polite politic political politico, n. polyloquent, R polyphloesboeanPersonal Traits polypragmatic, R pompless pompous pontifcal popinjay poseur,n,, F_ positive possessive pound-foolish pouty practical practicalist, n pragmatic praiseful praiseless pranceful prankful prankish prateful prayerful preachy, € precant n, R precautious precieuse, F_ precipitant precipitous, R precise precisianist; n predatory predicant predictive prejudiced prejudiceless premeditative124 Personol Traits presageful prescient presumptuous pretenseful pretenseless prideful prideless priestly priggish prim principled princox,n,4 probity,n: procacious, R procursive proditorious, R, professionist, n. profuse progressionist; n.Persawl Treits prolix promscuous promiseful pronpt proof-proof propagandist; n. prophetic propitiable propolist; R PIOSSY, Sc. & DE: protective protervity, 4, R proudish, R provident provocable pIOw, A prudent prudish prurient Prussian pscudologer; n psilology, n publican, n ~minded public-spirited Puckish pudency,n pudicity, n. puffy pugilistic pugnacious puissant punctilious punctual pundit, n. puritanical purposeful purposeless purposive pursc-proud pusbful, C: pusillanimous putter-on, n n, = proud public126 Personol Traits puzzle-headed pyromaniacal quaesturary,n uaker n: Quakerish quaky qualmish quarrelsome quavery-mavety, DE. queasy queme, Sc: & DE queromonious querist,n querulous quick-fire quidditative, R quidnunc, n quiet quipsome quirky quitter n, quiverish quixotic quizzical quodlibetarian, n. quotationist,n, R Rabclaisian rabid rackety rackle; D. raconteur,n, F_ quickPersonol Trdits rad, Sc. & DE radical rageful railleur; n,, F_ rambunctious, SL,U.S_ ramgunshoch, Sc- rarp, Sc_ rampageous ram-stam, Sc _ & DE rancorous random randomnish rank-riding nnnigal, n, Sc: & DE rantankerous, C rantipole, Ror DE: rantum-scantum, R; ranty, DE rapacious rapeful, R: rapid rapid-fire rappist, 1 raptorial raptureless rapturous Tash rath; R ratiocinative rationalistic rattle-brained raucous ravager, n reactionary seady-witted realistic reasonable reasonless rebellious recalcitrant seceptive recidivistic recipient reciprocative recitationist; n reckless reclusive recollective reconciliatory recondite128 Personal Traits recreant rectitude; n recusant reesty, Sc, refined reflective reformative refractory regal regardful regardless regent reginal regnant regretful regretless regulative reiterative relentless reliant religiose, R religious remissful remonstrant retorseful remorseless renable, DE_ renitent repetitious reposeful repressible; R; repressive reproachful republican repudiative, R researchful resentful reserved reserveless resigned resigner n. resilient resistant resistive resolute resolutioner;n resolved resourceful resourceless respectfulPersonal Traits respectless responseless responsible responsive restive restless restrained restraintful resty, DE_ fesurgent retaliative retentive retiary reticent retiring retractive retributive retrospective {evelationist, n revengeful revengeless reverent rcverist; n: revert; n revivalistic revolutionary revolutive, R rhapsodic rhetorical rhyparographic rhythmic rhythinless ribald ribaldish rggite, n,, R righteous righter, n right-wing rigid rigidulous, R: rigoristic rigorous ringleader, n risible ritualistic, R rivalrous R rixy, DE radster; n. master, n,, €_ rodomont130 Personal Traits Togatory roguish roid, DE roisterous, R rollicky, € 0r D. Romanish romantic romanticistic rough rough-and-ready rough-and-tumble roughish roughriding rouSY DE routinist; n, rowing, C_ royalist royet, DE: rubberneck; n rudas, Sc. rude rudish rueful ruffleless rufller, n: rufty-tufty rulemonger, n rumbumptious rumumptious, Sc. D ruminative rumpscuttle, n; runabout runaway Russophile, h_ Russophobe n rustler n, Sc rusty n,, SL ruthful ruthless tye, n: rompishPersonol Traits Sabbatarian, n sacerdotal sacrificatory, R sad Sadduccan sagacious sage sailorly saintish saintlike saintly Samaritan, n Samson, * sanctified sanctimonious sang-froid, F sanguinary sanguine sannyasin, n. Sapphic sarcastic sardonic satiable satiric satisfiable satrap; n saturnalian saturnine satyric sauceless savoir-faire, n,,F savoir-vivre, 0,F scabrous scaddle, DE scaffing_ Sc. scambling, Sc. & DE scampish n-,132 Personal Traits scapegoat; n Scaramouch; n scare; Sc, & D. scart;n-, Sc- & DE scary scatheful scathing scatterbrained scaturient, R; sceneful, R schemeful schemy, schismatic scholarly scholastic schoolable schoolrnasterish schoolteachery Schopenhauerian scient, R scientific scicntistic sciolous scold, n scopperil,n,DE scornful scOrny, D scranuy, DE scrappy; SL screamy_ R screechy scribacious, R scribblative, R scrimpy Scripturist scrupulous scrutinous searchful, R searchless secerning second, R secretar n,, Sc. secretfaise secretive sectarian sectional secular secularist scdentary seditiousPersonal Traits scer, n segregative scigniorial, R selective self-abandoned self-abasing self-abhorring self-absorbed self-accusing self-acting self-admiration n_ self-admission, n. self-advertising self-affected telf-affrighting self-analyzing self-applauding self-approving gelf-assertive self-assured Jelf-benefiting self-boasting sclf-canting telf-centered self-collected self-command,n slf-commending self-complacent self-conceited self-concentered slf-concerned eelf-condernning self-confident self-confiding self-congratulating self-conscious self-conserving slf-contained slf-conternptuous &lf-contented slf-controlled nlf-convicting klf-correcting slf-critical klf-decciving klf-defeating sf-defensive alf-degrading alf-deluding klf-denying134 Personal Traits self-dependent self-depreciative self-despairing self-destroying self-destructive determining self-devoted self-devouring self-directive self-discriminating disdainful self-disparaging self-displaying self-dispraising self-dissatisfied self-dissecting self-distinguishing self-distrustful self-effacing self-endeared, R: self-enjoying self-escaping self-esteem, n self-cxalting examining self-exciting self-exculpating self-excusing self-exhibiting seli-explaining self-exposing expressive self-flagellating -flattering self-forgetful self-gathered self-gauging self-glorifying self-glorious self-governing self-gratulating ~healing self-helping self-helpless self-humiliating sclf-idolizing self-immolating seIf-immuring self-important -improving self self_ self self self-J self selfPersonal Traits self-indignant sclf-indulgent self-interested self-interrogating self-intoxicating selfish self-judging justifying self-knowing selfless self-limiting self-loathing self-loving self-mastered self-measuring ~moving self-neglecting self-nourishing self-objectifying self-observing self-opinionated self-pampering self-partial self-perceiving self-pitying self-pleasing Jeli-poised self-possessed self-praising self-preserving self-pride n: self-propelling self-protecting self-questioning self-realizing self-refining self-reflective self-reforming self-regarding self-regulating self-reliant self-renouncing self-repellent self-repressing #lf-reproachful sclf-reproving slf-repugnant sclf-repulsive self-respectful self-respecting self-- self136 Personal Traits self-restrained self-revealing self-reverent self-righteous self-sacrificing -satisfied self-satisfying self-scornful self-scrutiny, n self-seeking sufficient self self- Suficisuiog  1 self-surrendering self-suspicious self-sustaining self-testing ~thinking self-tormenting troubling self-trust, n. self-uncertain self-understanding self-upbraiding seli-valcinizing sel_ -willed sely self_Sorshiping  Sc. & serniarticulate semidependent semidetached semidramatic semiexecutive semihumorous semi-independent semijudicial semimystical seminomadic semipagan semnireligious semisavage semisentient semiservile semmit; D E sensal sensible sensitivc sensual sensuous self self self- self pelf-Personol Traits sententious sentimental separative Sequacious serene serio-comic serious servile sesquipedal sevendible, Ir severe Shakespearean shame-prooi ghan, Sc . & DE sharp-witted sheepish sheepy shepherdish short-spoken, C short-tempered shoulderclapper;n shoulderer n, showman, n. show-off, n, shrewd shrewish138 Personal Traits shut-in shuttle, DE shy shyish Shylock; n sib, Sc. & DE sicarious, R_ sicker Sc sidesman; n, R sidler n,,€ sigh-born, R sighful sighty, Sc  & DE signless, R silent silentious simple simple-hearted simple-minded simular, A_ simulatory sincere single-eyed single-hearted Single-minded skeigh, Sc; skeptical skinchy D. skinflint, n skittish slack slacker, n _ slammocky, D slanderous slangy slape, DE: slatternly slattery slaughterous slavish sleek sleekit sleeky, Sc.Personal Traits blinky, D.or C slipper, Sc. & DE stippery sipshod slipslop, €: slithering, DE bliving, DE sloan, Sc: & DE slobbery sloppy slothful slouchy slovenly slow slowish, R: slow-witted sluggish slushy sly smarty, n-, SL stneller n,, SL smell-feast; n smileful, R smileless smirk, R 'smooth smoothish smooth-spoken emooth-tongued sug, DE omush, DE omutty enack, Sc. Maggy mappish pnappy snatchy, DE Meaky meckdrawing, Sc tneckdrawn; Sc & DE. meesty, Sc. & DE Nll miffy, C.& D. mippety mippy, C,DE, & SL mively Qqobbish pod, Sc. & DE140 Persomol Traits snoopy, C & D,US: snooty, S%. snotty, D. sober sober-minded sociable social socialistic soft soft-hearted softish softling,n, DE soft-spoken soldierly solemn solicitous soliloquacious, R Solomonic Solonic solute; R somber sombrous songful songless sonsy, Sc. & DE soothfast;, A. sophistic sophrosyne, n sorrowful sottish soulful soulish soundless sour sourish spack, DE spaeman,n , Sc, spasmodic specific spectant spectator n speculative Speechful, R_ speedless speedy spendthriftPersonol Traits spinsterly spirited spiritful,R spiritistic spiritless spiritous spiritual _ spiritualistic spiritual-minded spirituel,F spirity, Sc. & DE spiteful spiteous, DE spleenless spleeny splenetic splenitive splitter, n. splurgy, C_or SL spoiler; n spontaneous spoony, Sl sportful sportive sportless sportsmanlike sporty, €_ sprack, Sc: & DE sprig, Sc- & DE sprightly, R springe springless springy sproi, DE spruce sprunny sprunt, DE sprY spunkie; spunky, &; squeaky squcamish squirely stable staccato stag, 1,, E- staiq stalwart spoffish142 Personal Traits staminal stanch stand-offish standpatter; n starch, R starchless starchy startful, R startish; €. stately statemonger, 1 statistical stay-at-home,2,, C stayless, R steadfast steady stealthless stealthy steep, DE_ steep-down, R steepish steer, Sc. & DE steeve, Sc & DE stcntorian stepmotherly stern stewardly sticker, n. stiff stiffish stifler, n. still stillish stilly stilted stiltified stinty, R. stith, Sc. & DE stochastic, R: stoic stolid stomachful, DE stomachy, D E storier n,4 stormless stormy straight straight-cut; n,, C straightforward straightishPersonal Traits straight-spoken, €,, U.St strait-laced stratagematic, R strategist, n. strayer, streck; DE strengthful strengthless strenuotus strepent; R strepitous stressful stressless strict strong strong-handed strongish strong-minded strounge, Sc_ & DE strunty, Sc. & DE stubborn studious stultiloquent, R stunkard, Sc. stylish stylistic suant, D suasive Suave suavified subjective submissionist, n submissive subobtuse subservient subtle subventitious succinct144 Personal Traits sudden, R sufficient, R suggestible suggestive suicidal suist; 1, R sulky sullen sulphitic, SL sumphish, Sc. & DE sunny supe, n,, SL superarrogant supercereronious supercilious superconformable supercritical supercurious superdainty superethical superfinical superindustrious superingenious superintellectual superpolitic superrational supersensible supersensitive superspiritual superstitious supersubtle supine supple suppressive sure sure-footed surly surreptitious surveillant, R susceptible susceptor L, R suscipient, R suspensive suspicious suSSy, Sc. sussying; Sc; swack, Sc. & DE swagger, S7 swainishPersonol Troits swashbuckling sweatful sweer, Sc. & DE sweered, Sc: sweet sweetish swerveless swickful, Sc_ swift swifty, R swipper, Sc. & DE swith, DE Sybaritic sycophantic sytobolantosbs, R sympathetic syncopist,n syncretist, n systematic systemless tacit, R taciturn taciturnist; n, R tactful tactical tactile, n tactless taffety, DE taistrel, n, Sc. & DE taleful talkative talkful, R talky,C:146 Personal Traits tantivy tapist, C. tardgradc; R tardiloquent, R tardy tare, DE tarloch; Sc_ Tarquinish tart Tartar tartish tartufish tasteful tasteless tattletale, n,,€ taut tautological teachable teachless, R. tear-falling tearful tearmouth,n, R teary teasable teaty, Sc. & DE technical techy, DE teethy, Sc & DE teetotaler n, telegrammic, R teleologist,n. telepathist,n telestic R telltale temerarious temperamental temperate tempered temperless tempestuous temptable tenacious tender tender-hearted tendersome, DE tenebrific tenebrous Tennysonian tense tensilePersonal Traits tentless, Sc. tenty, Sc, tenuous Terentian tertnagant terrorless terse testy textiferous textualist, n, thankful thankless theistic theologaster, R theomachist, n. theomanic, n: theophilanthropic theoretic thermophilic thersitical thewless, Sc, & DE. thick-and-thin thick-skinned thieveless, Sc & D thievish thingy, R. thin-skinned thistly thorough thoroughgoing thoroughpaced thoughtful thoughtless thoughtsick R thoughty, Sc thrasonical thrawart, Sc thraw-gabbit; Sc: thrawn, Sc. & DE threatless three-square threnetic thriftless thrifty thrillful throaty throbless, R throng, Sc. & DE throughganging, Sc: throughgoing, Sc. n,,148 Personol Traits thumbless thwartover, DE tickle, Sc. & DE ticklish tid,DE tidy tifish tight, C tightish DE timepleaser; n, timid timorous timorsome; Sc. & DE tireless tiry, C: tod n: toitish, DE tolerant Tolstoyan tomboy,n. tonguedoughty, R tongue-ferdy, Sc. tonguester n,, R tonguey toring, DE torn-down, D. torpid tity,Personal Traits tortious, R. tortuous tosh, Sc tossy, R: touchy tough toughish tout, n. touter, n:: C: toutie, Sc toward towardly trachlie, Sc_ tractable traditional, R traducent; R_ traily, Sc. & DE: traitorous trampish tranquil transfuge; n,, R transgressive transpontine trattler, n-, Sc treacherous treasonable tremnbly, C tremulous trenchant trencherman;, n. trickish tricksome tricksy tricky trier n; trig trim troglodytish Trojan, n. tropist, n toublous trucebreaker; 1 truculent true true-hearted truish trull,n trumper, Sc. trumpet-tongued Tory n,,150 Personol Troits trustful trustless trusty truthful truthless truth-lover, n truth-telling tumultuous turbid turbulent turfite, n,C turnabout, n _ twanky, DE trazzy, DE. twigger, n twisty, DE twitchety, € c or DE: trtanical' tyrannous ugly uitra ultra-agnostic ultracosmopolitan ultracritical ultrademocratic ultrafastidious ultraintellectual ultraist, n ultramaternal ultrapurist, n ultrareligious ultraromanticist, n: ultrascientific utrasensual utrasentimental ultraspiritual utravirtuous umbrageous unabiding unacademic unaccuratePersonal Troits unadventurous uaffable unaffectionate unafraid unagreeable, R uaiding unaiming ualert unaltering tnambitious uamiable unamusable unanalytic uanimated uapplausive unappreciative unapprehensive unargumentative uaspiring152 Personol Trdits unassertive unassisting unassuming unassured uattempting unattending lattentive unbain, DE unbashfu, R mbelieving unbelligerent unbending unbenevolent unbewailing ubcwilled unbiased unbiddable unbigoted ublissful unblithePersonal Troits ublushing mboastful ubold R ubookish ubosomer, n, ubowing ubowsome, Sc. & DE ubridled unbusinesslike ucalculating uncandid uncaptious uncareful ucautious unceremonial unceremonious uncertain Ichanible unchary uncheerful uncheery uncholeric uncircumspect uncircumstantial uncivil154 Personol Troits uclabbablc uncommunicative uncompassionate uocompetitive uncomplaining ucomplaisant uncotnpliable; R ucomplying uncomprehending uncompromising uconccaling uoconciliatory unconfessing mconformable uconjectured unconscientious uconscionable unconsidering  nnconspiring unconstrained uconstructive unconsulting unconsuming uncontending ucontriving uncontrovcrsialPersonol Troits anconventional uconversable uncoquettish tocordial uncourteous uncourtly ucrafty uncrarped uncritical uction n. uctionless tnctuous uocurious undeceptive tdecided udecisive undelayable undelaying mdeliberate undeliberative undelusive undemonstrative uudepending156 Personol Trdits n Iderdoed  underhonest, R underminded, DE underminer 1 uderogatory underworker,1 undesirous undesisting undespairing undespondent undespotic undeviating undevious undevoted undevout undexterous undignified undiligent undiplomatic undiscerning undiscoursed R undiscriminating undisguised undisobliging udistinninhing undogmatic undomestic undoubtful undramatic udrooping undutiful uneager uncarnestPersonal Traits uneaseful unechoing uneconomical unelastic uemotional uemphatic uenterprising unenthusiastic unenvious uoequivocal uherring uexacting unexhaustible unexpansive unexplicit unexplorative unexpress unextravagant unfactious unfaithful unfaltering mfearing unfeary, Sc. tfeeling unfeigning158 Personol Traits unfeminine unfighting unflagging unflinching unfluctuating unfluent unforbearing unforced unforcible uforgecnu unforgiving unfraternal unfriendly unfrugal ugainly ungallant ungenerous ungentle ungiving ungraceful ungracious ungrateful ungrave, R ungregarious unguarded uharming unhasty unhazardous unheartsome, Sc. unhappy:Personal Traits unheedful unhelpful mheppen, DE theroic mhesitating uhurried unhurtful uideaed uiformitarian,n, uimaginative Iimpassionate uimpatient unimpressible unimpressionablc unindulgent oindustrious tninbibited' uinquiring uninquisitive pinsistent unintellectual uintrospective minventivc uinvestigative unionistic unipersonalist,n uitarian uiversalist; D unjealous mj unkind ukindly joyful160 Personat Traits unlaboring unlibidinous unlimber ulively mlovicicus unmechanical unmeddling umeck, R unmelancholy unmemoried unmercenary unmerciful unmerry uumethodical unmild, R unmindful unmirthful unmistrustingPersonol Traits unmonopolizing tmoralizing umotived tnmoving unmurmuring unniggardly unobsequious unobservant unobtrusive uofficious unoriginal unostentatious unpagan unpardoning unparticipant unpartisan upassionate unpaying unpeaceable unpedagogical unpedantic unperceiving tmperforming upersonal unphilanthropic uphilosophic (al) unpitying unplastic unpleasable unpliable162 Personal Traits unpolite unpolitical upositive unpreaching uprejudiced uprescient unpresuming upresumptuous unpretending unprevaricating uprofessing unprophetic unpunctilious unpunctual unpurposed unquailing unquakerlke unquaking unquestioning unquick uready unreasoning unreceptive unrecking unreclining unreflective unrefusing unregardful Irejoeti unrelaxing unrelenting tnremembering unremitting unremorseful unrepenting 'repitislble unreproachful unreprovingPersonal Troits unresenting unreserved unresisting unrespectful uresponsive unresting uretentive ureticent unrevealing unrevengeful unrewarding unrhetorical urhythmic unromantic prude unruly unsanguine unsatisfiable unsceptical unscholarly unscholastic unscientific unscornful unscrupulous unscrutinizing posearching msecret usectarian unsedentary useeing tnselfconsciots unselfsh unsententious usentimental usevere unshakable164 Personal Traits unshifting anshrinking ushy uoslow uslumberous usly, R unsmiling unsmirking onsober uosociable usocial unsocialistic un-Socratic unsolemn unsolicitous unsophistical unsparing unspeaking unspecific unspeculative unspeedy uspontancous usportful unsprightly unstaid usteadfast unsteady unstill, R unstilted unstinting tstoopiedPersonal Traits studious unsubmissive usure usurrendering uosuspecting ususpicious uoswaying tsweating uoswerving usympathetic usystematic mtalkative untame untechnical utender potentie, Sc_ uthankful utheatrical untheological utheoretic mthinker,o,, R mthinking unthoughtful unthrifty aotidy utoiling mtoward mtranquil untrespassing tntrifing bntrustful utruthful uupbraiding166 Personal Trits unvacillating uvain tvaliant uvarying uventurous unveracious unvigilant unvindictivc uuvocal uvoluptuous uwalking, R unwandering unwarlike unwary unwasteful unwatchful unwavering unweatherwisc unweeping unwild unwillful unwily unwinking unwithdrawing unwondering unworded unworking unworldly unworried unworshiping unwrathful unyielding unzealous upheavalist, n. uppish, C: upstart urbane urgent usorious utilitarian utopian uxorious vacillant vacillatoryPersonal Traits vafrous, A. vagabondish vagarious vagarish R vagrant vague vain vainful, DE vainglorious valiant Valkyrian walorous vampiric vampirish Vandemonian, Austrol variable variant vatic vaudy, Sc. vauntful vaunty, Sc. vehement venerative venereous, R vengeant, R vengeful venturesome venturous veracious verbal verbomaniac,n verbose veridical verjuice n vernile, R vesatile vertiginous verve, n; vestal vexable vibrant vicious vigilant vigorless vigorous vilipend, R:or Sc vim; n. vindictive violent virginal168 Persotal Traits virginly, R; virile virtuoso,n. virtuous visionary vituperative vivacious vixenish vixenly vocal vociferous Sc. voiceful voiceless volable volage, F volatile volitient volitionless volitive Voltairian voluble voluntarist, *. voluptuous voracious votary Vulcanian vulgarian, n. wacker, DE waden, Sc & DE waffly, Sc. & DE: waggish wailful waken; Sc. & DE wall-fower n waudies Sc. & DE Sc, & DE wandy, DE_ wankle, Sc- DE wanruly, Sc: wanton vogic,Personal Traits warless warlike warm-blooded warm-headed warm-hearted warrior; n warrish wary waspy wasteful waster wasterful, Sc wastrie, Sc. watchful waverous, R waymaker n, R way-wise weak weak-handed weak-hearted weakish weak-kneed weakly weak-minded weak-spirited weanable weariable weepy, € well-conducted ~disposed ~mannered well-natured well-spoken wcll-willed welsher, n,, Sc: wheedlesome wheezy Whiggish whillywha, Sc: whimling; n. whimmy whimsical whippy, Sc. whist whittie-whattie; 1, Sc. whoremasterly, R: whorish widc-awake tidowly well well170 Persomal Traits wieldable wieldy wifely wight, 4. or Sc. & Da wighty, DE wileful willful willing willing-hearted willsome, R will-worshiper, n willyart wily wimble, DE windless wind-swift windy wiredrawer; n Wise wiseacre; n wise-hearted wiseling, n; wiser n,, R wishful wisht wistful witty woeful womanish womanlike womanly womanquellcr;n. wondersmith, n, R wonderworking word-bound word-catcher, n wordish, R wordless wordmonger,n wordsman,n Wordsworthian wordy worker 1 worldly worldly-minded worldly-wise world-weary worriless ROrry-carL n,Sc; worshipfulPersonol Traits woulder; n,DE: wowzer; Austral. wranglesome, DE: wrathful wrathless wrathy, C wriggly,€ wringer,= n. WIY Xanthippc, n xenomania, n,, R yahoo,n Yankee Yankeefied, C: yankie, Sc_ yap; Sc. & DE: SLor DE YappBft yar, Sc. & DE yarsS,,E yatry yauld, Sc. & DE yawney, 4,DE: yes-man, 1, SL yes-no, Austral. yieldy, Sc_ yogi, n yokeable zealful zealless zealotical, R zealotypic zealous zestful zetetic L,